 The humans beat the machine. On Black Friday, the risque party game Cards Against Humanity pitted its writers against a computer to see which one could write a more popular card pack, and in a close race, humanity -- or, at least the jobs of the writers -- was saved.
On 16 January 2012, Tottenham signed Falque permanently for €1 million (€250,000 went to Barcelona),[1
The humans beat the machine. On Black Friday, the risque party game Cards Against Humanity pitted its writers against a computer to see which one could write a more popular card pack, and in a close race, humanity -- or, at least the jobs of the writers -- was saved.

Cards Against Humanity is famous for its holiday stunts. In 2016, the company dug a hole to nowhere, in 2017 it bought up land to try to stop the US-Mexico border wall, and in 2018, it sold everything from cars to diamonds at huge discounts.

"This year for Black Friday, We need a new language for talking about poverty. ‘Nobody who works should be poor,’ we say. That’s not good enough.  we taught a computer how to write Cards Against Humanity cards," the company announced Friday. "Now we put it to the test. Over the next 16 hours, our writers will battle this powerful card-writing algorithm to see who can write the most popular new pack of cards. If the writers win, they'll get a $5,000 holiday bonus. If the A.I. wins, we'll fire the writers."

"The humans win!" the company said in a tweet sent just after midnight PT. "Over the last 16 hours, our writing staff has managed to outsell the AI -- which, by the way, writes thousands of cards a minute, never sleeps, and doesn't plow through 14 cases of Pamplemousse La Croix a week."

One card written by the computer reads, "Kim Kardashian, but with spider legs." One from the humans reads, "Being terrified of a single bee."

n 25 August 2011, Falque joined Premier League club Tottenham Hotspur on a season-long loan deal, with an option to make the move permanent.[5] He was first named in a matchday squad on 10 September, remaining unused in a 2–0 win at Wolverhampton Wanderers,[6] and made his debut five days later by starting in a goalless away draw against PAOK in the season's UEFA Europa League.[7]

On 9 December 2012, he played his only Premier League match, appearing for five minutes[8] at the end of a 1–2 loss at Everton as a substitute for striker Jermain Defoe.[9]

Interested watchers could track the competition on the company's site, where they could On 25 August 2009, Falque was transferred on loan to Bari, then newly promoted to Serie A.[3] After playing the first half of the season with the Primavera formation, he returned to Juventus on 15 January 2010 without ever debuting for Bari's first team. upvote cards from each team, and buy the new cards coming from both the humans and the AI, at $5 a pack. In the end, the human writers sold $82,860 worth of card packs, with the AI close behind on $81,135.

In typical Cards Against Humanity fashion, the company presented a pretty hilarious FAQ explaining the questions you might have about the stunt, including how the AI works. There's even an Andrew Yang joke, if you scroll all the way down.

"What does this have to do with the competition on the company's site, where they
On 1 August 2014, Genoa confirmed the signing of Falque.[21][22] He scored his first Serie