"The humans win!" the company said in a tweet sent just after midnight PT. "Over the last 16 hours, our writing staff has managed to outsell the AI -- which, by the way, writes thousands of cards a minute, never sleeps, and doesn't plow through 14 cases of Pamplemousse La Croix a week."
"What does this have to do with Black Friday?" one question asks. And the answer? "This whole thing is an elaborate stunt to get attention and make money while overworking our employees. Isn't that what Black Friday is all about?"
In this special, an homage to Charles Dickens' A Chrismas Carrol, Nature Cat is busting with what he thinks is "Christmas"
Taran Killam attends the 2019 Vanity Fair Oscar Party hosted by ... [+] Radhika Jones at Wallis Annenberg Center for the Performing Arts on February 24, 2019 in Beverly Hills, California. (Photo by Dia Dipasupil/Getty Images)
Nature Cat centers on house cat Fred, a dreamer of the great outdoors. Once his family leaves for the day, Fred becomes Nature Cat and with the help of his animal friends, embarks on action-packed adventures that allow him to explore the natural world.
Authorities have reopened about six miles of Orange County ocean and bay water areas closed by a 1.4-million-gallon sewage spill. The estimated amount of the spill was revised down from 4 million gallons.
The valve was replaced shortly after noon Friday, according to the Health Care Agency.

Both card packs can still be ordered for $5 each -- and with the official contest over, buyers no longer need worry about whether buying the computer's pack means they're preparing to welcome our new AI overlords.
Pteropods, tiny marine snails known as 'sea butterflies', are an example of a particularly vulnerable species, where shell damage has been observed already in portions of the Arctic and Southern Ocean. Pteropods are hugely important in the polar food web, serving as a key food source for important fisheries species, such as salmon and cod.

Read more: The best board game and tabletop game deals this Black Friday weekend